{\rtf1\ansi\uc1\deff0\deflang1024
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}
{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f5\fnil\fcharset0 STIXGeneral;}
{\f6\fnil\fcharset0 MS Gothic;}
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\stylesheet
{\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}
{\cs10 \additive\ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s1\qc\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 Part;}
{\s2\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}
{\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}
{\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}
{\s6\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}
{\s7\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}
{\s8\qr\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext8 rightpar;}
{\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext9 centerpar;}
{\s10\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext10 leftpar;}
{\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equation;}
{\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationNum;}
{\s13\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationAlign;}
{\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationAlignNum;}
{\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationArray;}
{\s16\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationArrayNum;}
{\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 theorem;}
{\s18\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 bitmapCenter;}
{\s20\qc\sb240\sa240\b\f0\fs36 \sbasedon0\snext21 Title;}
{\s21\qc\sa120\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 author;}
{\s22\ql\tqc\tx4536\tqr\tx9072\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 footer;}
{\s23\ql\tqc\tx4536\tqr\tx9072\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext23 header;}
{\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 caption;}
{\s31\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Figure;}
{\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext32 Table;}
{\s33\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext33 Tabular;}
{\s34\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext34 Tabbing;}
{\s35\qj\li1024\ri1024\fi340\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext35 Quote;}
{\s38\ql\widctlpar\f3\fs20 \snext38 verbatim;}
{\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext46 List;}
{\s47\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext47 List 1;}
{\s50\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 latex picture;}
{\s51\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 subfigure;}
{\s61\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext62 bibheading;}
{\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext62 bibitem;}
{\s64\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext64 endnotes;}
{\s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext65 footnote text;}
{\s66\qj\fi-170\li454\lin454\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext66 endnote text;}
{\cs62\super \additive\sbasedon10 footnote reference;}
{\cs63\super \additive\sbasedon10 endnote reference;}
{\s67\ql\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext67 acronym;}
{\s70\qc\sa120\b\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext71 abstract title;}
{\s71\qj\li1024\ri1024\fi340\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 abstract;}
{\s80\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 contents_heading;}
{\s81\ql\li425\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb240\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20\b \sbasedon0\snext82 toc 1;}
{\s82\ql\li512\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext83 toc 2;}
{\s83\ql\li1024\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext84 toc 3;}
{\s84\ql\li1536\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext85 toc 4;}
{\s85\ql\li2048\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext86 toc 5;}
{\s86\ql\li2560\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext86 toc 6;}
}
{\info
{\title Original file was loc.tex}
{\doccomm Created using latex2rtf 2.3.16 r1254 (released May 12 2017) on Wed Mar 10 12:53:45 2021
}
}
{\footer\pard\plain\f0\fs20\qc\chpgn\par}
\paperw12280\paperh15900\margl2680\margr2700\margt2540\margb1760\pgnstart0\widowctrl\qj\ftnbj\f0\aftnnar
{\page
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Lazarev Cleaver LLP\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Warnford Court\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 29 Throgmorton Street\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 London EC2N 1AT\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Telephone: +44 20 7987 6300\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Email: reception@lcllp.co.uk\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 empty\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 empty\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 empty\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 empty\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 empty\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb454 \fi0 {\b lessee}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb170 \fi0 Dear james\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb170 \fi0 {\b Re: , asd (the "Premises")asd(Title number asd(the \u8220?Lease\u8221?)}  \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 We act on behalf of ads and its agent, Urang Property Management Ltd, in relation to the rent and charges and interest and legal costs arrears due in respect of the above Premises. Pursuant to asd of the Lease you are liable to pay rent and charges and interest and legal costs to our client.  \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {\ul Arrears}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Our client sent you rent and charges and interest and legal costs demands and reminders on a number of occasions, including on empty. Despite our client\u8217?s demands and reminders, and in breach of the terms of your Lease, you have failed to pay the rent and charges and interest and legal costs At the date of this letter the total amount outstanding in respect of the rent and charges and interest and legal costs is 8119.77 as set out in the enclosed statement of account.  \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 livetest2  {\ul \{Costs}\}\par
\column
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 4, Part One of the Eighth Schedule you are also liable for all costs charges and expenses incurred by the Lessor in or in contemplation of any proceedings or service of any notice under Sections 146 and 147 of the Law of Property Act 1925. At the date of this letter, our client\u8217?s legal fees and disbursements amount to \u163?367.20. Should further steps be required in connection with this matter, our client will incur further costs for which you will be liable.3 mm\} \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {\ul Claim}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 We are instructed to commence legal proceedings against you unless you pay the full amount of outstanding charges and legal costs within 14 days of the date of this letter. Accordingly, we request that you pay the amount of \u163?8,825.90 by 4 pm on 18 November 2020. Payment may be made by cheque or banker\u8217?s draft made payable to \u8220?Lazarev Cleaver LLP\u8221? and sent to the address at the top of this letter. Alternatively, payment may be made by electronic bank transfer to the following account:  \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 Name: Lazarev Cleaver LLP Client Account\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Sorting code: 40-18-22\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Account number: 23668029\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Reference: GL/198.00124  \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 All payments should be made to this firm. Our client will refuse to accept any payment unless legal costs are included, or will apply funds to the legal costs first so that you will continue to remain liable for any shortfall. We will also charge a fee of \u163?100 plus VAT to cover the cost of our correspondence with our client and you.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb170 \fi0 {\ul Forfeiture}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Should you fail to pay the outstanding charges, our instructions are to pursue this matter and to request your landlord to seek forfeiture of your Lease under the terms of empty of the Lease. \par
{\i \pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb170 \fi0 \scaps0\i {\ul Pre-action matters and financial advice}}\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 We draw your attention to the Civil Procedure Rules and the Practice Direction\u8212?Pre-Action Conduct and Protocols, including paragraphs 13 to 16 regarding the consequences of failure to comply with its provisions. A copy of the Protocol is available at the following web address:\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 https://www.justice.gov.uk/courts/procedure-rules/civil/rules/pd_pre-action_conduct.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 We have also set out below details of independent advice organisations who provide free independent advice and assistance should you require their services.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Should you wish to discuss the contents of this letter, you may contact us by email at reception@lcllp.co.uk or by calling 020 7987 6300, quoting reference livetest2.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Yours sincerely\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Lazarev Cleaver LLP\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0  Encl\par
}}
